"Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one." - Marcus Aurelius
"The only true wealth is the good you do and the love you have." - Seneca
"It is not that we have a short time to live, but that we waste a lot of it. Life is long enough, and a generous amount has been given to us for the highest purposes if it were all well invested." - Seneca
"You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength." - Marcus Aurelius
"The whole future lies in uncertainty: live immediately." - Seneca
"Our life is like a winter's day: short and dreary, and even the sunshine is never sure." - Seneca
"Begin to live, and count each separate day as a mere gain, and a gift." - Marcus Aurelius
"It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live." - Marcus Aurelius
"The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts." - Marcus Aurelius
"You are not obligated to complete the work, but neither are you free to abandon it." - Marcus Aurelius
"The things that trouble us are not the events themselves, but the views we take of them." - Epictetus
"It is better to do nothing than to do something that is not to the purpose." - Epictetus
"Hold fast to what depends on you; let go of what doesn't." - Epictetus
"Man is not worried by events, but by his view of events." - Epictetus
"The chief task in life is simply this: to identify and separate matters so that I can say clearly to myself which are externals not under my control, and which have to do with the choices that are my own - and then to remember that it is only about the latter that I can truly be bothered." - Epictetus
"Happiness and freedom begin with a clear understanding of one thing: Some things are within our control, and some things are not. It is only after you have distinguished these two things that you can begin to focus on the things that you can control, and let go of the things you can't." - Epictetus
"Wealth is the slave of the wise man. The wise man is the slave of no one." - Epictetus
"It's not what happens to you that matters, but how you react to it." - Epictetus
"If it is not right, do not do it; if it is not true, do not say it." - Marcus Aurelius
"You have death for a neighbor; constantly keep that in mind." - Seneca
"The whole future lies in uncertainty: live immediately, and tell yourself constantly that not life itself, but good life, is to be chiefly valued." - Seneca
"Virtue is the only good, and vice the only evil." - Zeno of Citium
"It is not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor." - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"Difficulties are meant to be overcome; what is conquered is therefore best." - Epictetus
"We are more often frightened than hurt; and we suffer more in imagination than in reality." - Seneca
"The object of life is not to live long, but to live well." - Seneca
"External things are not the cause of happiness or unhappiness, but our internal interpretation of them." - Epictetus
"It is better to be deprived of some things you like than to be possessed by some things you hate." - Epictetus
"True happiness is to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future, not to amuse ourselves with either hopes or fears but to rest satisfied with what we have, which is sufficient." - Seneca
"Freedom is the right to live as we wish, not to do as we please." - Epictetus
The things that trouble us are not the events themselves, but the views we take of them. - Epictetus
The opportunity to do good is what makes life so interesting. - Seneca
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare; it is because we do not dare that things are difficult. - Seneca
Where you are born is not important; what matters is the type of person you become. - Epictetus
You cannot control the external circumstances of your life, but you can control the way you choose to interpret and respond to them. - Epictetus
It is not the length of life, but the depth of life. - Seneca
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict. - Seneca
The whole future lies in uncertainty: live immediately, and tell yourself constantly that not life itself, but good life, is to be chiefly valued. - Seneca
The object of life is not to live long, but to live well. - Seneca
How much more grievous are the things we create for ourselves than those that happen to us! - Seneca
We are more often frightened than hurt; and we suffer more in imagination than in reality. - Seneca
Philosophy is not a study of words, it is a way of life. - Epictetus
Wealth is the slave of the wise man. The wise man is the slave of no one. - Epictetus
It is better to be deprived of some things you like than to be possessed by some things you hate. - Epictetus
Security is mostly a superstition. Life is either a daring adventure or nothing. - Helen Keller
True happiness is to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future, not to amuse ourselves with either hopes or fears but to rest satisfied with what we have, which is sufficient. - Seneca
The man who is fortunate is not the one who has never had misfortune. He is the one who has risen above it. - Henry Ford
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity. - Seneca
It is better to be a king of your own actions than a slave to the opinions of others. - Epictetus
The greatest obstacle to living is expectation, especially the expectation of happiness. - Seneca
We are not made gentle by nature; but we are made gentle by study. - Seneca
It is not that we have a short time to live, but that we waste a lot of it. Life is long enough, and a generous amount has been given to us for the highest purposes if it were all well invested. - Seneca
It is a poor argument to say that I cannot act honestly because other men will not do so. Should I not then rather act honestly because other men will not? - Marcus Aurelius
Freedom is the right to live as we wish, not to do as we please. - Epictetus
You are not obligated to complete the work, but neither are you free to abandon it. - Marcus Aurelius
Difficulty is a teacher sent from God, for He knows that prosperity corrupts even the best men’s characters, while hardship reveals their true worth. - Epictetus
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best self. - Epictetus
To be happy, withdraw yourself from the crowd. - Seneca
It is better to suffer a short pain by refusing what is harmful than a long one by giving in. - Seneca
The things which are good for the body are not good for the soul. - Epictetus
It is not he who has little who is poor, but he who desires much. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Man is not worried by events, but by his view of events. - Epictetus
It is better to light a single candle than to curse the darkness. - Confucius 
If you are distressed by anything external, the pain is not caused by the thing itself, but by your judgment of it. And it is in your power to wipe out this judgment whenever you want. - Marcus Aurelius
The condition of good fortune is not the absence of troubles, but the triumph over them. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
You have two ears and one mouth. Listen twice as much as you speak. - Epictetus
It is not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
The mind is everything. What you think you become. - Marcus Aurelius
Teach them not to be too fond of life, for life is no good. - Epictetus
It is better to be cheated by some people than to suspect everyone. - Seneca
The greatest remedy for anger is delay. - Seneca
Opportunity knocks only once, but misfortune repeats itself on every doorstep. - Publilius Syrus
We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves us. - Buddha (Stoic influence)
You are not what happens to you. You are your response. - Epictetus
He who has conquered himself is the mightiest warrior. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Difficulty should be seen not as a problem but as an opportunity to develop our endurance. - Epictetus
To be happy, withdraw yourself from the crowd. - Seneca
It is better to suffer a short pain by refusing what is harmful than a long one by giving in. - Seneca
The things which are good for the body are not good for the soul. - Epictetus
It is not he who has little who is poor, but he who desires much. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Man is not worried by events, but by his view of events. - Epictetus
If you are distressed by anything external, the pain is not caused by the thing itself, but by your judgment of it. And it is in your power to wipe out this judgment whenever you want. - Marcus Aurelius